Add documentation for EDMF equations (#1443)
CliMA/ClimaAtmos.jl: docs/src/edmf_equations.md

  - ``C_h[\boldsymbol{u}_h]`` returns a vector with only vertical _contravariant_ components.
  - ``C_h[\boldsymbol{u}_v]`` returns a vector with only horizontal _contravariant_ components.
- ``\hat{\mathcal{C}}_h`` is the [weak curl components involving horizontal derivatives](https://clima.github.io/ClimaCore.jl/stable/operators/#ClimaCore.Operators.WeakCurl)
- ``C^f_v`` is the [center-to-face curl involving vertical derivatives](https://clima.github.io/ClimaCore.jl/stable/operators/#ClimaCore.Operators.CurlC2F).
  - ``C^f_v[\boldsymbol{u}_h]`` returns a vector with only a horizontal _contravariant_ component.
  - the curl is set to 0 at the top and bottom boundaries.
    - We need to clarify how best to handle this.

### Projection

- ``\mathcal{P}`` is the [direct stiffness summation (DSS) operation](https://clima.github.io/ClimaCore.jl/stable/operators/#DSS), which computes the projection onto the continuous spectral element basis.

## Auxiliary and derived quantities

* ``\tilde{\boldsymbol{u}^j}`` is the mass-weighted reconstruction of velocity at the interfaces:

>   by interpolation of contravariant components

Reviewer: Aren't we interpolating covariant components here?

Author: I'll fix it together with the docs for the dycore equation after asking Simon.

  ```math
  \bar{\boldsymbol{u}}^j = \boldsymbol{u}_h + I_{c}(\boldsymbol{u}_v^j)
  ```

* ``\boldsymbol{b}^j`` is the reduced gravitational acceleration
  ```math
  \boldsymbol{b}^j = - \frac{\rho^j - \rho_{\text{ref}}}{\rho^j} \nabla \Phi
  ```
* ``K^j = \tfrac{1}{2} \|\boldsymbol{u}^j\|^2 `` is the specific kinetic energy (J/kg), reconstructed at cell centers by
  ```math
  K^j = \tfrac{1}{2} (\boldsymbol{u}_{h}^j \cdot \boldsymbol{u}_{h}^j + 2 \boldsymbol{u}_{h}^j \cdot I_{c} (\boldsymbol{u}_{v}^j) + I_{c}(\boldsymbol{u}_{v}^j \cdot \boldsymbol{u}_{v}^j)),
  ```
  where ``\boldsymbol{u}_{h}^j`` is defined on cell-centers, ``\boldsymbol{u}_{v}^j`` is defined on cell-faces, and ``I_{c} (\boldsymbol{u}_{v})`` is interpolated using covariant components.

* ``\nu_u``, ``\nu_h``, and ``\nu_\chi`` are hyperdiffusion coefficients, and ``c`` is the divergence damping factor.

* No-flux boundary conditions are enforced by requiring the third contravariant component of the face-valued velocity at the boundary, ``\boldsymbol{\tilde{u}}^{v,j}``, to be zero. The vertical covariant velocity component is computed as
  ```math

>   \tilde{u}_{v}^j = \tfrac{-(u_{1}g^{31} + u_{2}g^{32})}{g^{33}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \tilde{u}_{v}^j = - \tfrac{u_{1}g^{31} + u_{2}g^{32}}{g^{33}}.
```

```math
-\frac{1}{I^f(\rho^j)} G^f_v[p - p_{\text{ref}}] - \frac{I^f(\rho^j - \rho_{\text{ref}})}{I^f(\rho^j)} G^f_v[\Phi] - G^f_v[K^j] ,
```

### Total energy

```math
\frac{\partial}{\partial t} \hat{\rho}^j e^j = - \nabla \cdot((\hat{\rho}^j e^j + \frac{\hat{\rho}^j}{\rho^j}p) \boldsymbol{u}^j) + RHS
```
which is stabilized with the addition of a 4th-order hyperdiffusion term on total enthalpy:
```math
- \nu_h \nabla \cdot \left( \hat{\rho}^j \nabla^3 \left(\frac{\rho^j e^j + p}{\rho^j} \right)\right)
```

is discretized using
```math
\frac{\partial}{\partial t} \hat{\rho}^j e^j \approx
- D_h[ (\hat{\rho^j} e^j + \frac{\hat{\rho^j}}{\rho^j}p) (\boldsymbol{u}_h + I^c(\boldsymbol{u}_v^j))]
- D^c_v \left[ WI^f(J,\hat{\rho}^j) \,  \tilde{\boldsymbol{u}}^j \, I^f \left(\frac{\hat{\rho^j} e^j + \frac{\hat{\rho^j}}{\rho^j}p}{\hat{\rho}^j} \right)
  \right] - \nu_h \hat{\mathcal{D}}_h( \rho \mathcal{G}_h(\psi^j) ) + RHS .
```
where
```math
\psi^j = \mathcal{P} \left[ \hat{\mathcal{D}}_h \left( \mathcal{G}_h \left(\frac{\rho^j e^j + p}{\rho^j} \right)\right) \right]
```

!!! todo
    Need to change this to first order upwinding.

### Moisture tracers

> For a sub-domain moisture scalar ``q^j``, the density-weighted scalar ``\hat{\rho}^j q^j`` follows the continuity equation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a sub-domain moisture scalar ``q^j``, the density-weighted scalar ``\hat{\rho}^j q^j`` obeys the conservation law
```

    Should we remove the horizontal momentum equation ???

By breaking the curl and cross product terms into horizontal and vertical contributions, and removing zero terms (e.g. ``\nabla_v  \times \boldsymbol{u}_v = 0``), we obtain

```math
\frac{\partial}{\partial t} \boldsymbol{u}_h  =
  - (\nabla_v \times \boldsymbol{u}_h +  \nabla_h \times \boldsymbol{u}_v^j) \times \boldsymbol{u}^{v,j}
  - (2 \boldsymbol{\Omega}^v + \nabla_h \times \boldsymbol{u}_h) \times \boldsymbol{u}^h
  - \frac{1}{\rho^j} \nabla_h (p - p_{\text{ref}})  - \nabla_h (\Phi + K^j) ,
```
where ``\boldsymbol{u}^h`` and ``\boldsymbol{u}^{v,j}`` are the horizontal and vertical _contravariant_ vectors from sub-domain. The effect of topography is accounted for through the computation of the contravariant velocity components (projections from the covariant velocity representation) prior to computing the cross-product contributions.

The ``(\nabla_v \times \boldsymbol{u}_h + \nabla_h \times \boldsymbol{u}_v^j) \times \boldsymbol{u}^{v,j}`` term is discretized as:
```math
\frac{I^c((C^f_v[\boldsymbol{u}_h] + C_h[\boldsymbol{u}_v^j]) \times (I^f(\hat{\rho}^j J)\tilde{\boldsymbol{u}}^v,j))}{\hat{\rho}^j J}
```
!!! todo

>     Is the weighting factor ``\hat{\rho}^j J``???

Reviewer: The correct weighting factor would be ``\hat{\rho}^j J``. However, this can go to zero, creating difficulties. The safer implementation route would be to use ``\rho^j J`` first but flag it to be changed later once this is working. Otherwise, we need to build in regularization in the division by zero case (add +eps in denominator).
